[Docs] Add Tutorials (#231)
qdrant/qdrant-web-ui: src/components/InteractiveTutorial/MdxPages/Multitenancy.mdx

export const title = 'Multitenancy';

# {title}

> To use multivectors, create a collection with the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To try multitenancy, create a collection with the following configuration:
```

Reviewer: * Multitenancy
